{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green49\blue64;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21569\c25490\c31765;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Non-Technical Stakeholder (NTS):
\f1\b0  \cf3 Hi there, I've been hearing a lot about this Openfabric thing lately. Can you explain to me what it is and why we should be interested?\

\f0\b \cf2 Technical Expert (TE):
\f1\b0  \cf3 Absolutely! Openfabric is a groundbreaking technology that combines blockchain and artificial intelligence. In simpler terms, it's like a powerful platform that makes AI more accessible and beneficial for everyone.\

\f0\b \cf2 NTS:
\f1\b0  \cf3 AI and blockchain, huh? Sounds complex. Why should our company care about it?\

\f0\b \cf2 TE:
\f1\b0  \cf3 Great question! \cb4 \strokec5 AI has the potential to revolutionize many industries by providing intelligent solutions to complex business problems. However, implementing AI can be a challenging task due to the high costs, integration problems, and technical complexity involved.That's where Openfabric comes in. Openfabric is an ecosystem that aims to make AI more accessible and beneficial for businesses like yours by providing a decentralized and secure environment for AI innovators, data providers, and infrastructure providers to collaborate and compete in solving complex business problems.\strokec2 .\cf2 \

\f0\b \cb1 NTS:
\f1\b0  \cf3 But how does it work? And why is it better than other options?\cf2 \

\f0\b TE: 
\f1\b0 \cf3 Good point. \cb4 \strokec5 You can use pre-built AI algorithms provided by other AI innovators through the Openfabric marketplace or SDK (software development kit). This saves you time and money because you don't have to invest in building your own AI models from scratch.Openfabric also ensures data privacy and intellectual property rights by using a trusted execution environment and advanced cryptography methods. This means that your data and intellectual property are protected while being used by other AI innovators or data providers.\strokec2 \

\f0\b \cf2 \cb1 NTS:
\f1\b0  \cf3 Okay, that makes sense. But why Openfabric specifically? What sets it apart?\cf2 \

\f0\b TE:
\f1\b0  \cf3 Openfabric goes beyond just using AI. It's designed to encourage \cb4 \strokec5 interoperability between AI agents by using ontological schemes. This means that AI algorithms can easily combine and work together to provide ever-more intricate AI solutions. The evolutionary pressure that controls AI agents progression is governed by a distributed secure rating mechanism, which incentivizes the innovator to focus on delivering high-quality solutions and engaging in cooperation instead of competition.\cb1 \strokec2 And it has features like decentralization, usability, security, and more that make it unique and valuable.\

\f0\b \cf2 NTS:
\f1\b0  \cf3 Alright, let's say we're interested. How does it impact our day-to-day operations?\cf2 \

\f0\b TE:
\f1\b0  \cf3 Good question. With Openfabric, AI becomes more user-friendly. You don't need to be a tech expert to use it. We can develop AI-Apps \'96 applications that interact with AI models \'96 in Python using familiar frameworks like TensorFlow or PyTorch. This means more people in our company can benefit from AI without needing complex infrastructure.\

\f0\b \cf2 NTS:
\f1\b0  \cf3 Got it. So, in summary, Openfabric makes AI more accessible, encourages collaboration, and provides a secure and efficient way to use AI. Is that right?\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 TE:
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2  \cf3 Exactly! It's about making the most out of AI without the headaches.\
}